Don't lose hope, nor be sad.
Don’t let yesterday take up too much of today.
The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog.
My Mum tries to be cool by saying that she likes all the same things that I do.
A purple pig and a green donkey flew a kite in the middle of the night and ended up sunburnt.
Last Friday I saw a spotted striped blue worm shake hands with a legless lizard.
A song can make or ruin a person's day if they let it get to them.
Sometimes it is better to just walk away from things and go back to them later when you're in a better frame of mind.
Writing a list of random sentences is harder than I initially thought it would be.
Lets all be unique together until we realise we are all the same.
If I don't like something, I'll stay away from it.
I love eating toasted cheese and tuna sandwiches.
If you like tuna and tomato sauce, try combining the two, it's really not as bad as it sounds.
Sometimes, all you need to do is completely make an ass of yourself and laugh it off to realise that life isn't so bad after all.
When I was little I had a car door slammed shut on my hand and I still remember it quite vividly.
The clock within this blog and the clock on my laptop are 1 hour different from each other.
I want to buy a onesie… but know it won't suit me.
I was very proud of my nickname throughout high school but today- I couldn't be any different to what my nickname was.
I currently have 4 windows open up… and I don't know why.
I often see the time 11:11 or 12:34 on clocks.
This is the last random sentence I will be writing and I am going to stop mid-sent
We need to rent a room for our party.
Yeah, I think it's a good environment for learning English.
The lake is a long way from here.
This is a Japanese doll.
I hear that Nancy is very pretty.
She was too short to see over the fence.
He told us a very exciting adventure story.
She always speaks to him in a loud voice.
I want more detailed information.
I checked to make sure that he was still alive.
I'd rather be a bird than a fish.
Mary plays the piano.
She did her best to help him.
She borrowed the book from him many years ago and hasn't yet returned it.
She wrote him a long letter, but he didn't read it.
Please wait outside of the house.
Two seats were vacant.
Tom got a small piece of pie.
She folded her handkerchief neatly.
We have a lot of rain in June.
I am never at home on Sundays.
Don't step on the broken glass.
She advised him to come back at once.
Let me help you with your baggage.
The book is in front of the table.
The mysterious diary records the voice.
The stranger officiates the meal.
The shooter says goodbye to his love.
A glittering gem is not enough.
The memory we used to share is no longer coherent.
The old apple revels in its authority.
Rock music approaches at high velocity.
Sixty-Four comes asking for bread.Abstraction is often one floor above you.
The river stole the gods.
Joe made the sugar cookies; Susan decorated them.
The sky is clear; the stars are twinkling.
The waves were crashing on the shore; it was a lovely sight.
There were white out conditions in the town; subsequently, the roads were impassable.
Check back tomorrow; I will see if the book has arrived.
He said he was not there yesterday; however, many people saw him there.
I am happy to take your donation; any amount will be greatly appreciated.
She only paints with bold colors; she does not like pastels.
She works two jobs to make ends meet; at least, that was her reason for not having time to join us.
Malls are great places to shop; I can find everything I need under one roof.
Italy is my favorite country; in fact, I plan to spend two weeks there next year.
He turned in the research paper on Friday; otherwise, he would have not passed the class.
She did not cheat on the test, for it was not the right thing to do.
Anyone can fuck you if you won't know how to fuck.
Life is full of fake peoples.
Jenny made the announcement that her baby was an alien.
He felt that dining on the bridge brought romance to his relationship with his cat.
She wanted to be rescued, but only if it was Tuesday and raining.
She was the type of girl that always burnt sugar to show she cared.
I was offended by the suggestion that my baby brother was a jewel thief.
Just because the water is red doesn't mean you can't drink it.
Today I bought a raincoat and wore it on a sunny day.
Everyone pretends to like wheat until you mention barley.
Please put on these earmuffs because I can't you hear.
That is an appealing treasure map that I can't read.
Jerry liked to look at paintings while eating garlic ice cream.
I've always wanted to go to Tajikistan, but my cat would miss me.
If you spin around three times, you'll start to feel melancholy.
I used to live in my neighbor's fishpond, but the aesthetic wasn't to my taste.
Imagine his surprise when he discovered that the safe was full of pudding.
I only enjoy window shopping when the windows are transparent.
He was the only member of the club who didn't like plum pudding.
You should never take advice from someone who thinks red paint dries quicker than blue paint.
I was fishing for compliments and accidentally caught a trout.
It isn't true that my mattress is made of cotton candy.
I received a heavy fine but it failed to crush my spirit.
Mr. Montoya knows the way to the bakery even though he's never been there.
I never knew what hardship looked like until it started raining bowling balls.
It isn't difficult to do a handstand if you just stand on your hands.
Strawberries must be the one food that doesn't go well with this brand of paint.
I'd always thought lightning was something only I could see.
We're careful about orange ping pong balls because people might think they're fruit.
The worst thing about being at the top of the career ladder is that there's a long way to fall.
Always bring cinnamon buns on a deep-sea diving expedition.
There's no reason a hula hoop can't also be a circus ring.
It took me too long to realize that the ceiling hadn't been painted to look like the sky.
Sarah ran from the serial killer holding a jug of milk.
Gwen had her best sleep ever on her new bed of nails.
He never understood why what, when, and where left out who.
Douglas figured the best way to succeed was to do the opposite of what he'd been doing all his life.
Patricia found the meaning of life in a bowl of Cheerios.
I'll have you know I've written over fifty novels
That must be the tenth time I've been arrested for selling deep-fried cigars.
Being unacquainted with the chief raccoon was harming his prospects for promotion.
The sight of his goatee made me want to run and hide under my sister-in-law's bed.
The most exciting eureka moment I've had was when I realized that the instructions on food packets were just guidelines.
It must be easy to commit crimes as a snake because you don't have to worry about leaving fingerprints.
I've traveled all around Africa and still haven't found the gnu who stole my scarf.
At that moment I was the most fearsome weasel in the entire swamp.
The chic gangster liked to start the day with a pink scarf.
She was only made the society president because she can whistle with her toes.
The changing of down comforters to cotton bedspreads always meant the squirrels had returned.
Written warnings in instruction manuals are worthless since rabbits can't read.
Barking dogs and screaming toddlers have the unique ability to turn friendly neighbors into cranky enemies.
The furnace repairman indicated the heating system was acting as an air conditioner.
The water flowing down the river didn't look that powerful from the car
The bread dough reminded her of Santa Clause's belly.
Little Red Riding Hood decided to wear orange today.
The stench from the feedlot permeated the car despite having the air conditioning on recycled air.
Joe discovered that traffic cones make excellent megaphones.
Nancy decided to make the porta-potty her home.
Acres of almond trees lined the interstate highway which complimented the crazy driving nuts.
They decided to plant an orchard of cotton candy.
Tomatoes make great weapons when water balloons aren't available.
The tumbleweed refused to tumble but was more than willing to prance.
Nancy thought the best way to create a welcoming home was to line it with barbed wire.
The underground bunker was filled with chips and candy.
The dead trees waited to be ignited by the smallest spark and seek their revenge.
The overpass went under the highway and into a secret world.
His get rich quick scheme was to grow a cactus farm.
Siri became confused when we reused to follow her directions.
She found it strange that people use their cellphones to actually talk to one another.
The reservoir water level continued to lower while we enjoyed our long shower.
Peter found road kill an excellent way to save money on dinner.
Trash covered the landscape like sprinkles do a birthday cake.
The ice-cream trucks bring back bad memories for all of us.
Karen believed all traffic laws should be obeyed by all except herself.
They finished building the road they knew no one would ever use.
When confronted with a rotary dial phone the teenager was perplexed.
The glacier came alive as the climbers hiked closer.
Normal activities took extraordinary amounts of concentration at the high altitude.
I think I can hack you.
I am using tor babe.
Boulders lined the side of the road foretelling what could come next.
The fence was confused about whether it was supposed to keep things in or keep things out.
Homesickness became contagious in the young campers' cabin.
The toddler's endless tantrum caused the entire plane anxiety.
The manager of the fruit stand always sat and only sold vegetables.
The hawk didn't understand why the ground squirrels didn't want to be his friend.
Jim liked driving around town with his hazard lights on.
Mom didn't understand why no one else wanted a hot tub full of jello.
Instead of a bachelorette party
The family's excitement over going to Disneyland was crazier than she anticipated.
The old rusted farm equipment surrounded the house predicting its demise.
Her fragrance of choice was fresh garlic.
Jason didn't understand why his parents wouldn't let him sell his little sister at the garage sale.
The father handed each child a roadmap at the beginning of the 2-day road trip and explained it was so they could find their way home.
More RVs were seen in the storage lot than at the campground.
As he dangled from the rope deep inside the crevasse
On each full moon
The elderly neighborhood became enraged over the coyotes who had been blamed for the poodle's disappearance.
The wooden spoon couldn't cut but left emotional scars.
Kevin embraced his ability to be at the wrong place at the wrong time.
She discovered van life is difficult with 2 cats and a dog.
He dreamed of leaving his law firm to open a portable dog wash.
Despite multiple complications and her near-death experience
The teenage boy was accused of breaking his arm simply to get out of the test.
The bug was having an excellent day until he hit the windshield.
He was all business when he wore his clown suit.
The miniature pet elephant became the envy of the neighborhood.
The child's favorite Christmas gift was the large box her father's lawnmower came in.
Flash photography is best used in full sunlight.
The llama couldn't resist trying the lemonade.
I used to practice weaving with spaghetti three hours a day but stopped because I didn't want to die alone.
I cheated while playing the darts tournament by using a longbow.
I had a friend in high school named Rick Shaw, but he was fairly useless as a mode of transport.
The balloons floated away along with all my hopes and dreams.
There were a lot of paintings of monkeys waving bamboo sticks in the gallery.
The anaconda was the greatest criminal mastermind in this part of the neighborhood.
They say people remember important moments in their life well, yet no one even remembers their own birth.
I was starting to worry that my pet turtle could tell what I was thinking.
I always dreamed about being stranded on a desert island until it actually happened.
It's important to remember to be aware of rampaging grizzly bears.
The estate agent quickly marked out his territory on the dance floor.
If you really strain your ears, you can just about hear the sound of no one giving a damn.
I honestly find her about as intimidating as a basket of kittens.
It's never comforting to know that your fate depends on something as unpredictable as the popping of corn.
Despite what your teacher may have told you, there is a wrong way to wield a lasso.
I made myself a peanut butter sandwich as I didn't want to subsist on veggie crackers.
A good example of a useful vegetable is medicinal rhubarb.
I became paranoid that the school of jellyfish was spying on me.
It's always a good idea to seek shelter from the evil gaze of the sun.
I know many children ask for a pony, but I wanted a bicycle with rockets strapped to it.
For some unfathomable reason, the response team didn't consider a lack of milk for my cereal as a proper emergency.
After coating myself in vegetable oil I found my success rate skyrocketed.
The efficiency with which he paired the socks in the drawer was quite admirable.
I trust everything that's written in purple ink.
I'm not a party animal, but I do like animal parties.
I've never seen a more beautiful brandy glass filled with wine.
Everything was going so well until I was accosted by a purple giraffe.
There's a growing trend among teenagers of using frisbees as go-cart wheels.
You have no right to call yourself creative until you look at a trowel and think that it would make a great lockpick.
I can't believe this is the eighth time I'm smashing open my piggy bank on the same day!
There's probably enough glass in my cupboard to build an undersea aquarium.
I'm worried by the fact that my daughter looks to the local carpet seller as a role model.
My secretary is the only person who truly understands my stamp-collecting obsession.
It's never been my responsibility to glaze the donuts.
Last line of this tool.
